what's with the jeans who do you think
has the most you know I'm sayings
I know we did this one time where we
tallied up well somebody pointed out
back then when we when we played it more
they were saying that you need a real
formula for you know I'm sayings and
it's got to be nonsense per second so
like a hundred on say for that clip was
15 minutes long
sure so they said it's about saying
interests and in a concise its relative
to the time exactly scientific
cash is why this like this Rob guy then
is the other criterion of do we count
the entire phrase you know what I'm
saying and then there's you know ya know
what I mean
no I'm saying yeah there's so many
variants on variance that's the problem
with the buying it I do think you have
to throw them in to that to the throw
their hat in the ring if you will the
nom means and not you know that's a
whole other game as a whole like no I
think that they can I don't think so
I disagree I think we got to keep the
game pure you know what it's gotta be
pure it's the phrases are you know what
I'm saying
no I mean none timeout you feel me
you know uh-huh it's a tote they're all
different categories although we're
different category I think so because
it's crazy I think you know I'm saying
my favorite I'm saying is still the Suge
Knight documentary doesn't overbuy
by Kimbo but i'm saying now i think ii
places its between those two now who's
your favorite no I'm saying um you know
I'm saying I don't know I'd like the
Asian girl - yeah yeah
I think this is one of my favorite not
many for you know this is stuff here so
check it out your own saying it's a fear
you're saying you know saying you know
saying check us out dogs optimum fucking
shout out to my man boss man you know
I'm sure body boat baby you know saying
straight was twofold now he's letting it
go you know what I'm saying
sure which is the original you know I'm
saying sure I'm saying she knows but
then you know I'm saying and no I'm
saying that's the same shit you know
it's gotta be you know what I'm saying
no come on
know what I'm saying it's a different
phrasing you know what are you talking
we're gonna be by the rule nah man
that's a whole other guy means a whole
other category crazy man and then you
know you heard these are all different
to use all different shapes different
games okay